README.md, before:

What Is this? <sup>_(4 minute read)_</sup>
===============================================================================


This is a brief introduction to my values and **what you can expect when working
with me.** Managers serve their direct reports and it is my job to help you be
the best _work-version-of-yourself_ that you can be.

- [My Values](#my-values)
- [Availability](#availability)
- [Communication Channels](#communication-channels)
- [Feedback](#feedback)
  * [One on Ones](#one-on-ones)
  * [Quarterly Review](#quarterly-review)
- [Disagreement](#disagreement)
- [Career Development](#career-development)
- [Time Off](#time-off)
- [Errata](#errata)


My Values
===============================================================================

- **Everyone is attempting to do the _right thing_.** I assume positive intent.
- **Failure is an opportunity for growth.** The difference between a senior and a
  junior is how many mistakes they've made and how they've learned from those
  mistakes.
- **Honesty is not easy** in the short term, but it is easiest in the long term.
  I will be candid with you and I hope you will do the same with me.
- **You know how to do your job.** I'm not here to tell you what to do, I'm here
  to help you find ways to work more effectively.

Availability
===============================================================================

- I believe in **respect**ing **work hours**. I will do my best to not bother you
  on your nights, weekends, and time off.
- My calendar is up to date. If you need me later, instead of now, put
  something on my calendar. If you can't find the time you need, let me know,
  I'll make time for you.

Communication Channels
===============================================================================

- If I send you a message on the weekend, unless otherwise noted, don't worry
  about responding till your next work day.
- **Slack is a great async medium.** If I slack you and you are busy, feel free
  to get back to me when you can.
- **Video/phone is a synchronous medium.** If you need quick feedback, feel free
  to video-chat/call me.
- **Email is great for blast communication** with large groups or collecting
  your thoughts. I don't send these often.
- **Asana is great for accountability.** If you want to make sure I get something
  done, make an Asana task. If you don't make one, I probably will.

Feedback
===============================================================================

- Like a `git commit`, feedback is best when we **"check in early, check in
  often."** Reach out at any time.
- Our environment for feedback should be **safe**, **easy to access**, and
  **beneficial** to you. If it ever feels otherwise please tell me.

One on Ones
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- We will have bi-weekly one on ones.
- These meetings are for your benefit, not mine.
- These are not status updates, we should strive to dig deeper.

Quarterly Review
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- We will have a review meeting every quarter.
- This is a time to reflect on the last quarter, identify successes and
  opportunities for growth.

Disagreement
===============================================================================

- We will disagree. That is okay.
- Disagreement is one avenue for us to understand each other better.
- I will try my best to understand your perspective and I hope you'll do the
  same for me.

Career Development
===============================================================================

> "No one hands you personal growth here; but it's there for the taking. It's
> being able to try hard things; that you might not succeed at every time. It's
> seeing the practices of the talented people around you; practices that you're
> free to steal. Or it's the advice that others will give to you; advice that
> you didn't always ask for but is usually a good idea to take.”
>
> -- Steven Noble

This is your career. I am here to help, but it is ultimately your desires,
choices, drive, and initiative that will shape it. I will provide feedback and
perspectives to help you navigate it. The more you tell me what you want, the
more I will be able to help you get it.

Time Off
===============================================================================

- I take vacation, you should too. Rest and relaxation are important for my and
  your health.
- I take time off for sickness and mental health. I don't expect you to tell me
  why you are taking time, it is your time to take.
- Upfront notice on vacation or extended time off is appreciated for planning
  purposes.

Errata
===============================================================================

- I'm opinionated, this can mean I talk too much (this is something I'm working
  on). If you ever feel I'm talking too much or providing too much feedback,
  tell me.
- I can be snarky. This is deeply seated in my Philadelphia upbringing and my
  east coast humor. Improving this is something I'm forever working on. If I
  ever offend you please tell me. If I ever feel I've offended you I will reach
  out with an apology. Don't be surprised if you get apologies you never asked
  for.
- I love analysis and synthesis. If you ever want to bounce ideas in this realm
  I'm more than happy to chat.

Commit message:

Clarify distinction between juniors and seniors
I recieved feedback that the original statement could be read as
"seniors don't make mistakes." The wording made this reading possible
and that is the exact opposite of the intent.

README.md, after:

What Is this? <sup>_(4 minute read)_</sup>
===============================================================================


This is a brief introduction to my values and **what you can expect when working
with me.** Managers serve their direct reports and it is my job to help you be
the best _work-version-of-yourself_ that you can be.

- [My Values](#my-values)
- [Availability](#availability)
- [Communication Channels](#communication-channels)
- [Feedback](#feedback)
  * [One on Ones](#one-on-ones)
  * [Quarterly Review](#quarterly-review)
- [Disagreement](#disagreement)
- [Career Development](#career-development)
- [Time Off](#time-off)
- [Errata](#errata)


My Values
===============================================================================

- **Everyone is attempting to do the _right thing_.** I assume positive intent.
- **Failure is an opportunity for growth.** The difference between a junior and
  a senior is the senior has had more mistakes to learn from.
- **Honesty is not easy** in the short term, but it is easiest in the long term.
  I will be candid with you and I hope you will do the same with me.
- **You know how to do your job.** I'm not here to tell you what to do, I'm here
  to help you find ways to work more effectively.

Availability
===============================================================================

- I believe in **respect**ing **work hours**. I will do my best to not bother you
  on your nights, weekends, and time off.
- My calendar is up to date. If you need me later, instead of now, put
  something on my calendar. If you can't find the time you need, let me know,
  I'll make time for you.

Communication Channels
===============================================================================

- If I send you a message on the weekend, unless otherwise noted, don't worry
  about responding till your next work day.
- **Slack is a great async medium.** If I slack you and you are busy, feel free
  to get back to me when you can.
- **Video/phone is a synchronous medium.** If you need quick feedback, feel free
  to video-chat/call me.
- **Email is great for blast communication** with large groups or collecting
  your thoughts. I don't send these often.
- **Asana is great for accountability.** If you want to make sure I get something
  done, make an Asana task. If you don't make one, I probably will.

Feedback
===============================================================================

- Like a `git commit`, feedback is best when we **"check in early, check in
  often."** Reach out at any time.
- Our environment for feedback should be **safe**, **easy to access**, and
  **beneficial** to you. If it ever feels otherwise please tell me.

One on Ones
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- We will have bi-weekly one on ones.
- These meetings are for your benefit, not mine.
- These are not status updates, we should strive to dig deeper.

Quarterly Review
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- We will have a review meeting every quarter.
- This is a time to reflect on the last quarter, identify successes and
  opportunities for growth.

Disagreement
===============================================================================

- We will disagree. That is okay.
- Disagreement is one avenue for us to understand each other better.
- I will try my best to understand your perspective and I hope you'll do the
  same for me.

Career Development
===============================================================================

> "No one hands you personal growth here; but it's there for the taking. It's
> being able to try hard things; that you might not succeed at every time. It's
> seeing the practices of the talented people around you; practices that you're
> free to steal. Or it's the advice that others will give to you; advice that
> you didn't always ask for but is usually a good idea to take.”
>
> -- Steven Noble

This is your career. I am here to help, but it is ultimately your desires,
choices, drive, and initiative that will shape it. I will provide feedback and
perspectives to help you navigate it. The more you tell me what you want, the
more I will be able to help you get it.

Time Off
===============================================================================

- I take vacation, you should too. Rest and relaxation are important for my and
  your health.
- I take time off for sickness and mental health. I don't expect you to tell me
  why you are taking time, it is your time to take.
- Upfront notice on vacation or extended time off is appreciated for planning
  purposes.

Errata
===============================================================================

- I'm opinionated, this can mean I talk too much (this is something I'm working
  on). If you ever feel I'm talking too much or providing too much feedback,
  tell me.
- I can be snarky. This is deeply seated in my Philadelphia upbringing and my
  east coast humor. Improving this is something I'm forever working on. If I
  ever offend you please tell me. If I ever feel I've offended you I will reach
  out with an apology. Don't be surprised if you get apologies you never asked
  for.
- I love analysis and synthesis. If you ever want to bounce ideas in this realm
  I'm more than happy to chat.
